we're going to do a beautiful version of
a war dog salad okay this is a classic
salad from the ward off Hotel in New
York I'm still going to honor and
respect the sort of basis of the salad
but I want to take you on a bit I want
to express myself with roasted grapes
that healthy dressing I absolutely love
it as a starter as a side salad amazing
with a roast chicken and roast potatoes
first up the classic part has to be at
the grapes so get yourself some lovely
grapes so salt and pepper olive oil and
a little squeeze of lemon juice so dress
it like a little salad the original
recipe had beautiful fresh grapes I want
to get caramelization sweetness I want
to get another vibe going on dress the
grapes in that seasoning this is in the
wood oven about 190 degrees for about 5
to 10 minutes see how it's starting to
just shrivel up and see that little red
juice we're now going to go in my nuts
back in what I'm gonna do next is celery
peel off the worst of the stringy bits
so I use a speed peeler to do this
normally people hack this end off and
throw it in the bin but this is like the
crown jewel this is what the Italians go
mad for I want to just keep this heart
or come back to that we have the stalks
here slice them up nice and delicate the
heart of the celery is often the part
that everyone throws away look how
beautiful that is guys and the flavor is
crunchy and fresh and really clean
finally slice those hearts gorgeous
we've got romaine lettuce take the first
half because it produces gorgeous little
cups then I'm going to finely slice the
middle part and then I'm going to cut
this part in half just like the celery
I'm going to do this for four people
don't want to make a nice big salad
sorry about the noise it's mating season
I'm at home in Essex Springs come the
sun's out it's like dr. Dolittle's love
pile around here every corner you turn
there is an animal at it so the original
Waldorf salad dressing was mayonnaise
based I'm going to make something with
vibe with better flavors more dynamic
flavors so a couple of tablespoons of
extra-virgin olive oil
twice as much organic yogurt go a nice
teaspoon of English mustard season it
with salt and pepper it's quite nice
with a little squeeze of lemon juice
it's going to be a really nice little
dressing the lovely color
I can hear this stuff going off in here
those grapes on phenomenal
look at that tarragon I've got here
chopped up the tarragon get it in your
dressing mix up that flavor in and on
top wonderful we'll take our grapes the
vine take some of these nuts as well
focusing on my nuts please and then just
crush them with your hands there's the
animals they're getting excited I'm
getting excited it's all kicking off
here in Essex tell me in the comments
box below where you're from in the world
and have a little listen where you are
and tell me if there's animals at it I
want to see where you're from that's a
beautiful thing about YouTube because
you guys are watching from all over the
world what a lovely community we've
built together so thanks for following
subscribing don't forget to share it to
all your friends because we love it and
it's free and that's the whole point
more nuts crush it up and then the
golden bit this juice it's almost like a
natural sort of great balsamic vinegar
don't don't waste any of that I've got
my nice Apple cut it even thickness I'm
just going to slice this up the other
way into matchsticks in we go toss it up
gorgeous colors
wonderful textures so I've saved back
couple of these grapes just to put on
top a beautiful simple reinterpretation
of that great classic salad but with
roasted grapes that healthy dressing I
mean this isn't all for me obviously
this is for four people but you know I'm
just gonna hang out and eat my funky
little water salad
that is really good the roasted grapes
gives incredible sweetness and it works
so well with the nuts and the tang of
the dressing and the crunch of the Apple
and the celery
that is a mighty seller please please
give that a go very exciting if you want
more salads then check out DJ BBQ he's
done a wicked little Caesar salad and
I've trust him to do a good job whoo DJ
BBQ good game until next time take care
guys bye and from all the animals bye
you